BaseClient _http_req: `response` resp_type, assign res to DemistoException (#14119)
demisto/content: Packs/Base/ReleaseNotes/1_13_15.md

#### Scripts
##### CommonServerPython

> - On a specific case in `_http_request()`, the `res` field of `DemistoException` was not filled, it now is. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where when given a specific case in the `_http_request()` method, the `res` field of `DemistoException` would not be filled.
```
